wv1:
Once the player enters the magical portal, they find themselves in the basement of an unoccupied house.
 After exiting the house, the player is greeted by the bitter cold and gloom of Wulfsheim Village.

wv2:
The road out of the village has been blocked by an avalanche. Until the spring comes, the residents of
Wulfsheim Village have no way out.

wv3:
The entrance to the fortified village is visible immediately. Braziers draw the player's
 eye to the walls of the village, giving them a clue as to where to go.

wv4:
Inside the walls of the village, it is immediately apparent that some disaster has befallen
the town. Several buildings lie the ruins. The streets are almost deserted.
The captain of the guard approaches the player and begs their assistance

wv5:
The Inn is the only place that still seems to have some life.
While many of the chairs are empty, there are still a few lucky
townsfolk who have managed to survive so far. Bjorn, the innkeeper has a job for you.
A bottle of rare ale has gone missing, and he'd like you to find it.

wv6:
Bjorn has given you a room to help keep you out of the cold, and to store anything you should find.
 The room is free of charge, because it's not like anyone else is going to be renting it in the near future...

wv7:
Wulfsheim's smithy has several powerful weapons to aid archers and assassins but they do not come cheaply.

wv8:
Clues from the few remaining villagers point you in the direction of the temple of Stendarr.
The temple itself is locked, but many of the people that disappeared have been seen in the vicinity of the temple
before they were taken.

wv9:
Players stumble upon a hatch to the basement of Tarn Yngvarson, one of the missing villagers. Upon entering the basement,
 the presence of blood on the floors and walls is enough to make even the most oblivious adventurer wary.
 Something very bad has happened here...

wv10:
Should players follow the trail of blood, they stumble upon a hastily renovated tunnel that leads into the catacombs
beneath the temple of Stendarr.
